Feat: Adds tokens to `ProductGrid` (#144)
vtex-sites/nextjs.store: src/components/product/ProductGrid/ProductGrid.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Story, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { SearchProvider, SessionProvider } from '@faststore/sdk'
import storeConfig from 'store.config'
import Sentinel from 'src/sdk/search/Sentinel'
import { productGridItems } from 'src/../.storybook/mocks/productGridItems'

import { useProducts } from '../../sections/ProductGallery/usePageProducts'

import ProductGrid from '.'
import {
  TokenTable,
  TokenRow,
  TokenDivider,
  BestPractices,
  BestPracticesRule,
} from 'src/../.storybook/components'

<Meta title="Organisms/ProductGrid" component={ProductGrid} />

export const Template = (args) => {
  return (
    <SessionProvider
      initialstate={{
        channel: storeConfig.channel,
      }}
    >
      <ProductGrid {...args} />
    </SessionProvider>
  )
}

<header>

# ProductGrid

> It's a section generally used on PDP pages to list the products available on the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a section generally used on PLP pages to list the products available in the store.
```
